https://metacpan.org/author/MONS

Hello,
thanks Andrew(andy) and Pavel(dzirtik),
that you don't forget about Moscow perl community,
I think Pavel Scherbinin is a very good person for following ideas of Moscow pm,
his collaboration with Mons(mons) is very fruitful;))
I also loved the lectures of Ruslan Zakirov(ruz) and many perl guru.
BTW on moscow pm meeting you can talk with smarty girls like a  Ekaterina Trefilova and Elena Bolshakova(helena).
Along with a delicious pizza and coffee meeting moscow pm - this is the best way to spend an evening!

P.S. remind you that the hash tag #moscowpm is busy and need to use  #moscowperl in twitter

use Perl or die!
Nikolay Mishin (mishin)
 
 
Здравствуйте,
спасибо Эндрю (andy) и Павел (dzirtik),
то, что Вы не забываете о Москве perl сообществе,
Я думаю, что Павел Щербинин - является лучшей кандидатурой, способной вдохнуть еще больше энергии в 
развитие Moscow pm,
его сотрудничество с Монсом (Монс) очень плодотворно; ))
Я также обожаю лекции Руслана Закирова (ruz) и многих perl гуру.
Между прочим на встрече в Moscow pm вы можете гпообщаться с уснейшими девчонками сообщества таким как Екатерина Трефилова и Елена Болшакова (helena).
Perl, вкучнейшая пицца и кофе в Moscow pm -  что еще может быть лучше, чтобы провести вечер для программиста!

P.S. напоминают Вам, что признак мешанины #moscowpm занят и потребность использовать #moscowperl в Твиттере

используйте Perl или умрите!
Николай Мишин (mishin)


Welcome
Thanks Andrew (andy) and Paul (dzirtik),
that you do not forget about Moscow perl community
I think that Paul Shcherbinin - is the best person that can inject even more energy into
development of Moscow pm,
his collaboration with Mons (Mons) is very fruitful;))
I also love the lectures Ruslan Zakirova (ruz) and many perl guru.
By the way at a meeting in Moscow pm you can mingle with the wisest girls community such as Catherine Trefilov and Elena Bolshakova (helena).
Perl, delicious pizza and coffee in Moscow pm - what else can be better than to spend an evening for a programmer!

P.S. remind you that the hash tag #moscowpm is busy and need to use  #moscowperl in twitter

use Perl or die!
Nikolay Mishin (mishin)


Welcome
Thanks Andrew (andy) and Pavel (dzirtik),
that you do not forget about Moscow perl community
I think that Pavel Shcherbinin - is the best person that can inject even more energy into
development of MoscowPM,
his collaboration with Mons (Mons) is very fruitful;))
I also love the lectures Ruslan Zakirov (ruz) and many perl guru.
By the way at a meeting in MoscowPM you can talk with the wisest girls community such as Ekaterina Trefilova and Elena Bolshakova(helena).
Perl, delicious pizza and coffee in MoscowPM - what else can be better than to spend an evening for a programmer!
P.S. remind you that the hash tag #moscowpm is busy and need to use  #moscowperl in twitter

use Perl or die!
Nikolay Mishin (mishin)
